---
title: 'Front-End'
description: 'User-facing mobile application.'
navigation.icon: i-ph-app-store-logo-fill
---

## UX/UI Design

We set out to design a good user experience for our users. This meant:

- An app that is intuitive to use. No page glitches. No weird finger gymnastics.
  - We chose to design our app in [Swift][swift], since native apps are more intuitive and interactive.
  - We also carefully placed and tested interaction elements to make sure they are easily accessible.
- A simple app that does not distract from content.
  - We chose to include a few well-motivated and well-designed pages to not overwhelm a user.
  - We chose a simple color scheme that does not strain a user's eyes,
    especially with a lot of activity happening in the videos..
- A clean app; no cluttered pages or unnecessary information.
  - We kept page content to a minimum, and only included what was necessary.
- A fast app; no waiting for pages to load or long videos to download or buffer.
  - We chose to use [HLS][hls] streaming over serving videos directly from a database,
    so that videos are progressively loaded as the user watches them.
    in real-time, as the user views them.
    :read-more{to="/docs/architecture/streaming"}

Please come demo our app at Dartmouth's [Fall Technigala][technigala]!

[hls]: ttps://developer.apple.com/documentation/http-live-streaming/deploying-a-basic-http-live-streaming-hls-stream
[swift]: https://swift.org
[technigala]: http://dali.dartmouth.edu/technigala
